That that's gonna be a disappointing one for I'm one of those guys who
loves the work I do so much I do it at home. My hobbies are writing
code, so tonight when I go home I'll be working on some code I'm working
on for a paper and write a little high school classmate who used
to be a high school counselor and yeah she and I are writing a paper
together and we're doing polls for people respond to and I'll be
home writing code trying to figure out how to analyze the data we get
back from that poll because that's what I love to do and strangely
enough when I was in the military, I worked with cryptologic personnel.
Do you know what they did on their off time?They worked crossword
puzzles. They were all inveterate crossword puzzle solvers and you
know it's just you know it's it's a blessing for the good lord when
you can do the work that you really love.